chore(docs): improve documentation of arc42 - building-block-view (#291)
eclipse-tractusx/item-relationship-service: docs/src/docs/arc42/architecture-constraints/index.adoc

|Cloud Agnostic Architecture approach
|IRS provides a reference application/implementation which is deployable on any cloud ecosystem. There is no vendor lock to any cloud vendor.

|Spring Boot and the Spring Framework are used as the underlying framework for Java development.
|Spring Boot and the Spring Framework are used to create a simple, production-grade based application that can be deployed without any additional infrastructure components.

Orchestration of application components and integration with other libraries/frameworks.

|Lombok
|Lombok for boilerplate code generation. Keeping code concise improves quality and maintainability.

|Kubernetes is used for container orchestration
|Kubernetes as container orchestration system used for software deployment, scaling and management of the IRS application.  This supports our software infrastructure and ensures efficient management and scalability of the IRS reference application.

|Docker containers are used to provide a microservice oriented architecture

|Deployments are made on reliable production-ready images. Avoiding repetitive, mundane configuration tasks for container orchestration.

> |Docker Compose is used to define and tune multi-container-applications based on Docker container technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Docker Compose is used to define and tune multi-container applications based on Docker container technologies.
```

> |Docker containers to develop independently of the underlying OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Docker containers for independent development from the underlying operating system.
```

|Name |Description

|Architecture documentation
|Architectural documentation of the IRS reference application/implementation following the ARC42 template.
|Coding guidelines
|We follow the Google Java Style Guide. This is ensured by using the unified code formatter in the team and enforcing the style via Maven and Checkstyle / PMD.
|Executable Bundle provided via the App Marketplace

> |Since IRS is available in the App Marketplace, the application should be provided in one executable bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Since the IRS is available in the App Marketplace, the application should be provided in one executable bundle.
```
